Add IsSupportLoggingEnabled property to TokenCredentialOptions (#37463)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added
- Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) is now configurable per-request by setting the `IsCaeEnabled` property of `TokenRequestContext` via its constructor.

> - Added `IsSupportLoggingEnabled` property to `TokenCredentialOptions` which equates to the MSAL property `IsPIILoggingEnabled`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `IsSupportLoggingEnabled` property to `TokenCredentialOptions` which equates to passing 'true' for the `enablePiiLogging` parameter to the 'WithLogging' method on the MSAL client builder.
```
